# Odyssey Kayn

## Nickname
High Ordinal of the Demaxian Empire

## Information
- Blood Type: Mostly Ora by now, probably
- Hobby: Audacity
- Favorite Karaoke Song: Oh my god (feat. Ahri)
- Evil Monster Scythe: Yes indeedy

## Biography
A supremely confident military tactician in the Locus Armada, Shieda Kayn has 
ascended to become one of the Ordinals of the Demaxian Empire, carrying out the 
will of Emperor Jarvan IV himself. Kayn has become obsessed with harnessing as 
much raw ora as he can within his body, even though such things are 
forbidden—following the silent whispers of a strange, esoteric power, he 
believes this process will turn him into an invincible, immortal being.

He is wrong.

Even so, Kayn has learned that he needs Sona, one of the few individuals in the 
galaxy who can guide him toward fully unlocking his latent powers through the 
mythical, poorly understood artifact known as the Ora Gate.

Though he was once fiercely loyal to his emperor, Kayn has become obsessed with 
his personal hunt for the Morning Star, and will not hesitate to kill any who 
cross his path. He is charismatic, charming, nonchalant—a well-spoken man who 
appreciates the grandeur and spectacle of his own violence—and someone who 
enjoys the thought of being the greatest threat the universe has ever known.

Little does he know, the actual greatest threat the universe has ever known is 
resting comfortably in his left hand.

## Weapon
Rhaast

Presenting himself as the ‘voice’ of the ubiquitous organic fuel known as ora, 
Rhaast is a bloodthirsty monstrosity sealed inside an ancient, alien scythe. 
Unlike Kayn, he does not particularly care about spectacle or showmanship—he 
mainly just likes to kill things. In this way, the two share an uneasy 
alliance, with Kayn wanting to harvest as much ora as possible, and Rhaast 
wanting to snuff out as much life from the universe as he can. Understandably, 
the two bicker often.

Bound for untold eons in various planetary backwaters, Rhaast has had plenty of 
time to consider his own masters’ true plans for the universe, beyond all the 
indiscriminate murder, and he doesn't mind holding off on them for now... or at 
least, for a little while longer. After all, you’ve got to treat yourself from 
time to time.