# Ambessa

## Nickname
The Matriarch of War

## Region
Noxus

## Role
Fighter

## Summary
All who know the name Medarda respect and fear the family’s leader, Ambessa. As 
a Noxian general, she embodies a deadly combination of ruthless strength and 
fearless resolve in battle. Her role as matriarch is no different, requiring 
great cunning to empower the Medardas while leaving no room for failure or 
compassion. Embracing the merciless ways of the Wolf, Ambessa will do whatever 
it takes to protect her family's legacy, even at the cost of her own children's 
love.

## Biography
Born into one of the most powerful families in modern Noxus, Ambessa Medarda 
was perhaps always destined for greatness. Her family was not counted among the 
old noble houses, yet they had gained immense respect and influence across the 
empire since its founding—and young Ambessa’s first exposure to bloodshed came 
early, watching Reckoners risk their lives for a chance at glory in the arenas. 
Though she was too young to know the thrill of battle herself, she studied 
every match and internalized every move.

In the aftermath of the Battle of Hildenard, her father sent her to collect the 
blades of fallen soldiers. Though still a child, Ambessa never once averted her 
eyes from the death and carnage around her… and by the end of the day, she knew 
death was not something to be feared, but respected.

Sacrifice was a noble thing. Greatness demanded it.

The Medarda family code, passed down through generations since their earliest 
days as traders on the Shuriman coast, espoused the virtues of both the desert 
fox, and the fearsome wolf of legend. So it was no surprise that Ambessa would 
choose a soldier’s life, carrying the memories of her childhood lessons with 
her always, holding others to the ideals of familial honor and decisive action.

She was a proud daughter of the Medardas—a born warrior, soon enough a general 
in command of several warbands—and clearly one of her grandfather Menelik’s 
favorites, as patriarch. And yet, she was so much more—a woman, a lover, and a 
mother. In her appetite for life, Ambessa experienced it all. But the moment 
she held her son Kino for the first time, she finally understood what it meant 
to devote herself to someone unconditionally.

And with that came the potential for profound disappointment. While she loved 
him dearly, it was clear that Kino would never have the strength of a warrior 
in his heart.

Not long after, Ambessa almost met her end in battle defending her ancestral 
home of Rokrund, while pregnant with her daughter Mel. As she lay among the 
bodies of her allies and foes alike, she drifted near death and experienced 
visions that she would speak of to few others in her lifetime. Whatever it was 
Ambessa had seen, it alloyed her resolve and ambition. She would bend the world 
to her will, so that any weakness in her children would not be something her 
enemies could exploit.

From that moment, Ambessa's rise became almost meteoric. She led from the front 
in every battle, fearlessly staring death in the eye. And with every victory, 
she grew more resourceful, more daring, and more uncompromising.

When old Menelik Medarda finally passed, he named no heir from his deathbed, 
sending several branches of the family into a conflict of succession. But 
Ambessa knew they clawed at air, for this was her destiny. She defeated her 
rivals and vowed to forge a legacy worthy of the Medarda name. Worthy of her 
own childrens' inheritance.

As the new matriarch, Ambessa began to speak more often of her own personal 
mantra.

In all things, be the Wolf.

She would tolerate no weakness or dissent in those around her, lest that 
weakness spill over into her. She even sent her daughter Mel away to the 
distant city of Piltover.

Years passed before Ambessa began to hear murmurs of a new and powerful 
invention called "hextech"—from the soft-spined idealists of Piltover, no less. 
Intrigued by the potential of such a discovery, Ambessa traveled to the gilded 
city to visit her daughter, determined to find out if this technology could be 
used to leverage even more power for the Medarda family…

## Skills
- Drakehound's Step
- Cunning Sweep/Sundering
- Repudiation
- Lacerate
- Public Execution