# Caitlyn

## Nickname
The Sheriff of Piltover

## Region
Piltover

## Role
Marksman

## Summary
Renowned as its finest peacekeeper, Caitlyn Kiramman is also Piltover's best 
shot at ridding the city of its elusive criminal elements. She is often paired
with Vi, acting as a cool counterpoint to her partner's more impetuous nature. 
Even though she carries a one-of-a-kind hextech rifle, Caitlyn's most powerful 
weapon is her superior intellect, allowing her to lay elaborate traps for any 
lawbreakers foolish enough to operate in the City of Progress.

## Biography
Born into a wealthy and influential merchant clan, Caitlyn Kiramman swiftly 
learned the social graces of life in Piltover, but preferred to spend her time 
in the wilder lands outside it. Equally adept at mingling with the moneyed 
elite of the City of Progress or stalking a deer through the mud of the forest, 
she could confidently track a bird on the wing over the merchant districts, or 
put a shot through the eye of a hare at a hundred paces with her father’s 
repeater musket.

Caitlyn’s greatest assets, however, were her intelligence and willingness to 
learn from her parents, who reinforced her understanding of right and wrong, 
even within a life of comfort and privilege. Her mother was one of the highest 
comptrollers in Clan Kiramman, and would always warn Caitlyn of Piltover’s 
seductions, and its gilded promises that could harden the kindest heart. At 
first, Caitlyn paid little heed—to her, Piltover was a place of beauty and 
order that she cherished after each trip into the wild.

All that was to change one Progress Day, some years later.

Caitlyn returned to find her home ransacked and empty. The family retainers 
were all dead, and there was no trace of her parents. Caitlyn secured the 
house, and immediately set out to find them.

Tracking within the confines of a city was very different from hunting in the 
wild but, one by one, Caitlyn located the thugs who had invaded her family 
home. The trail eventually led her to a hidden safehouse, where her mother and 
father were being tortured for information. She rescued them under cover of 
darkness, and alerted the Piltover Wardens… though not one of the kidnappers 
they arrested knew the identity of the individual who had hired them—only a 
proxy with the initial C.

Caitlyn and her parents began to rebuild their lives… but something fundamental 
had changed. Her mother in particular could no longer face the politics and 
duplicity of clan life, and gave up her prestigious role, leaving something of 
a vacuum in the Kiramman leadership. And, though she loved her parents dearly, 
Caitlyn had no desire to take her mother’s place, nor to learn her father’s 
trade as an artificer.

Instead, her focus turned toward breaking through the web of intrigue 
surrounding the mysterious "C". Utilizing her hunting skills, she established 
herself as a private investigator, and quickly made a name for herself as 
someone who could find anything or anyone. In recognition of her self-made 
success, Caitlyn’s parents crafted her a hextech rifle of exquisite artifice, 
with greater accuracy than any musket. The weapon could take a variety of 
specialized shells, and be easily modified in the field.

After a particularly traumatic case involving a missing hextech device and a 
series of child abductions, Caitlyn was summoned by the Wardens.

She had been recommended by one of their number who had also developed 
something of an affinity for stranger cases—and their battle with a host of 
rogue chimerics in the employ of a lunatic chem-researcher driven mad by his 
own concoctions led to her being offered a formal position as a sheriff. At 
first, Caitlyn refused, but eventually came to realize that the Wardens’ 
resources could potentially get her closer to discovering the true identity 
of “C".

Caitlyn has since become a highly respected officer within the ranks of the 
Wardens, always striving to make the City of Progress a better and safer place. 
She recently partnered with a new recruit from Zaun, the brash and reckless Vi. 
How such an unlikely pairing came about—and been proven so effective—is the 
subject of wild rumor and tavern speculation among their fellow Wardens, as 
well as those they haul away to jail.

What Caitlyn doesn't know, however, is that "C" is also keeping tabs on her... 
especially as her investigations bring her ever closer to the truth.

## Skills
- Headshot
- Piltover Peacemaker
- Yordle Snap Trap
- 90 Caliber Net
- Ace In The Hole