# Odyssey Malphite

## Nickname
Morning Star Engineer

## Information
- Blood Type: Unknown xenotype
- Hobby: Building cute little ships in bottles
- Best Buddy: Jinx
- Always Wanted To Be: A doctor

## Biography
Malphite was once the pit boss of a deep space mining operation, until Jinx 
cracked the asteroid in half and got them both fired.

He always dreamed of going into internal medicine, in one of the universe’s 
premier healthcare facilities. But with medical school prohibitively expensive, 
Malphite turned to mining work, banking half of every paycheck to help pave the 
way for his dream to become reality… until Jinx was assigned to his team. For 
whatever reason, the two developed a deep friendship, even though all of his 
money went into repairing the equipment that she kept destroying.

Having landed on the Morning Star as a matter of proximity (wherever Jinx goes, 
Malphite follows) he has developed something of an inability to control his 
emotional outbursts. He talks slowly, walks slowly, and only ever seems to perk 
up for a fight, a crime, or a crime that involves fighting.

His incredible loyalty to someone-who-is-very-obviously-a-psychopath has landed 
him in countless running battles across the galaxy, but he doesn’t seem to 
mind. His alien biology has granted him a rock-hard carapace and big punchy 
fists, and you can go far in life with big punchy fists.

## Weapon
Also Malphite

Malphite can withstand a tremendous amount of damage, regrowing armored plates 
on both his skin and the VERY stylish technological cowl he wears. Former 
opponents will describe him as “really very dumb” and “incredibly hard to 
kill”, in that order, but most fail to realize the real danger Malphite poses. 
Surrounded by a ragtag team of idiots, robbed of his life’s original purpose, 
and entirely responsible for his own predicament, he will gladly throw his 
sizeable mass into anyone or anything that so much as glances at him wrong.

And once Malphite gets going, there is nothing in this universe that can stop 
him.